746 Updating and Revamping the Glossary (#834)
casper-network/docs: source/docs/casper/glossary/S.md

## Session code {#session-code}

> _Session code_ is Wasm executed in the context of an account through sending a [Deploy](/glossary/D/#deploy). The _session code_ contains code the user wishes to execute against the blockchain. When the session code executes, it performs a transaction.

Reviewer: I think we can remove transaction here, and mention something more general.
```suggestion
_Session code_ is Wasm executed in the context of an account through sending a [Deploy](/glossary/D/#deploy). The _session code_ contains code the user wishes to execute against the blockchain. When the session code executes, it performs changes to global state.
```
